Loser
Are you ready to lose to me again?
Your nose is hurt that bad,
but it still won't shut your mouth.
So what?
As long as that face is there,
how can you compete with me?
You're just a loser trapped by a woman's face
inside your inner demons.
You'd better worry about yourself.
Still pretending?
When you're defeated at my feet again,
let's see how you pretend then.
Let's begin.
Who should I bet on this round?
After all, I lost quite a bit last round.
Give me a break.
With your wealth,
this amount of money
is peanuts!
But I can't
keep losing all the time.
This round,
I think Lang Jiu
has a better chance.
I'm betting on Lang Jiu too.
Snooker is all about
betting on psychological tactics.
Look at the last frame.
Hei Ba played terribly.
He didn't look like a pro at all.
I actually think
Hei Ba has a better chance this frame.
A player of his level,
although he might make mistakes occasionally,
surely won't
keep making mistakes forever.
Besides,
look at the odds.
Betting on Hei Ba to win now
earns you more.
Come on, come on.
Amazing.
I knew it had to be Hei Ba.
Now as long as Hei Ba
keeps potting the black ball,
he's likely to get a maximum break.
What?
This...
Is there something wrong with his brain?
What is he doing?
Is he showing off?
But doing this,
he can only play defense next.
A perfectly good shot,
and he wasted it.
Playing mysterious, huh?
Watch how I make you accept your defeat.
Hei Ba,
what on earth is he thinking?
Such a good opportunity,
and he only plays defense.
I think he
is just pretending.
Just watch.
The more he pretends now,
in a moment,
the harder he'll lose.
I bet he loses.
I bet he wins.
Frame six ends.
Lang Jiu wins.
Total score is three to three.
The match enters the seventh frame.
Foul.
I fouled.
I get a penalty.
Penalty points.
This ball,
consider it a gift.
You can't win anyway.
Although Lang Jiu made a mistake,
but if Hei Ba wants to win,
he must pot the remaining two balls
to do it.
Brilliant!
Look at him,
is he really that weak?
Exactly.
Why did he suddenly get so weak?
Loser.
This is your chance.
If you can't even pot this one,
you might as well just give up.
What's going on?
Is the final black ball that hard to hit?
What did these two do last night?
One is weaker than the other.
Time foul
Turn passes
Do you want it?
I'll give you another chance
Stop messing around, finish the match quickly
I'm getting tired anyway
I don't want to play with you anymore
As for the truth about what happened back then
You'd better go down and ask your wife yourself
Frame Twelve
Lang Jiu wins
The match enters the Deciding frame
Look at the layout
It looks like Lang Jiu can run the table
Yeah
Only two balls left
If he pots these two balls
It'll be a maximum break
This...
This Lang Jiu is really ruthless
He clearly could have run the table
But he insisted on giving it to Hei Ba
Letting him take a shot
What a disgrace
I bet eight figures on you
To think the former champion
Was held to zero points
Hei Ba
Don't say I didn't give you a chance
I'll give you two balls
Otherwise
Going out with zero points
Would look too ugly on you
The match isn't over yet
Stubborn to the end
At a time like this
You're still pretending
Stop stalling
Just shoot
I'm going to win anyway
Of course
If you can't pot it
I can take over
You can win
Even without potting
Master
It's completely blocked
Can he break it?
Theoretically, yes
But
That's right
Precisely because it's theoretically possible
It makes the opponent keep trying to solve it
Especially when victory is imminent
Little do they know
This will actually mess up their rhythm
Causing them to make constant mistakes
Celestial Palace Six Forms: The Spinblast Killshot
Through rotational collision
Swapping the cue ball and colored ball
Giving the opponent a theoretically
Solvable snooker
Making the opponent constantly foul and lose points
Look
He can play like that?
He's absolutely a natural genius
To play like this at a time like this
You...
Hei Ba was in a losing position
Yet
He's still laying snookers
What is Lang Jiu thinking?
It's just an ordinary snooker
Quick, look
I can definitely hit it
I take back what I just said
This shot by Hei Ba
Blocked all potting routes
Foul
Replace
Impossible
Foul
What are you doing?
According to the rules
Multiple consecutive failed escapes
This match
You lose